# Bookshelf App

## Task:
1. **Create web application for given DB.**
2. **Normalize DB.**
3. **Implement next REST methods:**
* /books – return all books
* /books/prime – return list of books where name size is prime number
* /articles – return all articles
* /search/filter – find books and articles by specific parameters
Parameters:
Name – book or article name
Genre – genre name
Author – author name
Publisher – publisher name
* /lists/books – return list of available top 5 books for discount lists

## Questions to answer:
1. **Why did you choose a given technology?** - I chose the default Rails 5 stack
generated by RailsComposer.

2. **Do you know any better options?** - Other possible options
were to use Rails::Api only or Grape.

3. **What are the limitations?** - The current API doesn't have any limitations on
a query size. It doesn't use pagination. We may run into performance issues
when DB starts to grow.

4. **What kind of choices did you make or avoided?** - I haven't used Rails::API or
Grape from the start to configure test environment faster.

5. **Patterns?** - I've used REST guidelines for the GET requests. I haven't
implemented the error responses yet.

6. **Best Practices?** - I've used TDD most of the time and BDD
(Byebug Driven Development ^_^ ) when I got stuck on some step.

7. **Document any side effects and possible problems when scaling up the
application** (can be in points we will talk about that during our interview). -
 I tried to avoid `N + 1` problem where it can appear as a performance bottleneck.
The current API doesn't have any limitations on
a query size. It doesn't use pagination. We may run into performance issues
when DB starts to grow.

*This task took more than 3 hours. Because I have a little experience
developing the API endpoints. But the result should meet acceptable quality
standards.*
